Positive Tests:
  Verify that the login form appears correctly with two input fields, one for the user and one for the password.
  Verify that the user can enter text in the 'Usuário' and 'Senha' input fields.
  Verify that the user can submit the form by clicking the 'Entrar' button.
  Verify that the user can reset the form by refreshing the page.
  Verify that the 'Esqueci a senha' link redirects the user to the correct password recovery page.
  Verify that the email link 'informacoes@upf.br' opens the default email client with the correct recipient.
  Verify that clicking on the phone number link '(54) 33168100' initiates a call using the default phone app on a mobile device.

Negative Tests:
  Verify that the form does not submit if the 'Usuário' field is left blank.
  Verify that the form does not submit if the 'Senha' field is left blank.
  Verify that the form does not submit if both input fields are left blank.
  Verify that the form does not submit if the 'Usuário' or 'Senha' fields contain special characters.
  Verify that an error message appears if the user enters incorrect login information.
  Verify that the form does not submit if the 'Usuário' field contains more than 250 characters.
  Verify that the form does not submit if the 'Senha' field contains more than 250 characters.

Creative Test Scenarios:
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user enters the correct 'Usuário' but incorrect 'Senha'.
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user enters the correct 'Senha' but incorrect 'Usuário'.
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user enters a 'Usuário' that doesn't exist in the database.
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user enters the 'Usuário' and 'Senha' in different case formats (e.g., all caps, all lowercase, mixed case).
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user attempts to submit the form multiple times in quick succession.
  Verify the behavior of the form when the user tries to submit the form after leaving the page idle for a long time.